Source: Eck, D. J. (2022). Introduction to programming using Java, version 9. Hobart and William Smith Colleges. http://math.hws.edu/javanotes/.
# Section 4.6.5: Javadoc

- The documentation for most Java APIs is prepared using a system called Javadoc. For example, this system is used to prepare the documentation for Java’s standard packages. And almost everyone who creates a toolbox in Java publishes Javadoc documentation for it.
- A Javadoc comment takes the form /** rather than simply /* (at the beginning of a comment)
- there is a tool called javadoc that reads Java source code files, extracts any Javadoc comments that it finds, and creates a set of Web pages containing the comments in a nicely formatted, interlinked form. 
	- By default, javadoc will only collect information about public classes, subroutines, and member variables, but it allows the option of creating documentation for non-public things as well. If javadoc doesn’t find any Javadoc comment for something, it will construct one, but the comment will contain only basic information such as the name and type of a member variable or the name, return type, and parameter list of a subroutine. This is syntactic information. To add information about semantics and pragmatics, you have to write a Javadoc comment



## Additional Notes from Lab 1 on Javadoc:

- JavaDocs => https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/19/
	- integrated into Eclipse => just highlight var etc., if there is, will  show
	- HENCE useful to use JavaDoc comments in code => even if won't be deployed to website
	- JavaDoc Comment: 
		- /** then press return (before declaration)=> should incl any appropriate Javadoc tags (such as @author, @param, @return, and @throws)
		- or shift-alt-j => by placing the cursor in the right item
		- Some things to keep in mind: A Javadoc comment always comes before the declaration that is being commented on. Any Javadoc tags, such as @param and @return, must come at the end of the comment, after any other text in the comment. Javadoc comments can contain HTML markup tags such as <p> or <b>...</b>. This means that you should not use the characters "&" or "<" in a Javadoc comment; Write them as "&amp;" or "&lt;" instead.